Welcome to Guardian Spring Auction
The auction starts now
Does the madman know why I brought you here?
Let's go!
Hey
Dongzi
I'm out these days and I'm always uneasy
I feel that there is always a smell of awe in the villa
Boss, what do you mean?
In addition to Xiao Tianao, there are other undercover agents
Hey, they are all my brothers
I doubt no one.
So I made a game
The account I asked you to send before is fake.
And the vase is really in the last lot.
Haha brother will find someone to take him at a high price
I'll see who else can ruin my good deeds
Big brother's recent check
Is it too risky to do this?
Hmph, it's a bunch of trash
Now I am following a day trip to Silly Qiang South Province
Hahahaha
Crazy if you are undercover
What do you do?
Emergency Garden Auction
Come to Qianlong
Hahahaha
Big brother hahahahaha
The show is about to begin
The last lot, blue and white Ruyi binaural screen.
Starting price 500,000
600,000 600,000
First time 600,000 second time
Crazy watch
What is a mantis catching a cicada?
Yellow Sparrow behind
600,000 third, I 1 million